\input texinfo
@setfilename doc.info
@settitle 3DViewer-v1.0

@ifinfo
@node Top
@top 3DViewer_v1.0
Documentation
@end ifinfo

@titlepage
@title 3DViewer-v1.0
@subtitle Documentation
@author lpuddy
@page @c
@end titlepage

@menu
* Description::
* Additional features::
@end menu

@node Description
@chapter Description
The 3DViewer program is capable of rendering 3D objects stored
in obj format and perform movement, rotation and scaling 
these objects are relative to three axes.
To display the model in the program window, follow File->Open->OBJ
and in the dialog box that appears, select the file in obj format.

@menu
* Moving the model::
* Model Rotation::
* Scaling the model::
@end menu

@node Moving the model
@section Moving the model
To move the model, use the MoveX, MoveY and MoveZ commands, after
entering the values in the corresponding input fields.

@node Model Rotation
@section Model Rotation
To rotate the model, use the rotateX, rotateY and rotateZ commands,
after entering the values of the rotation angles in degrees in the
corresponding input fields.
Another method of rotation is to use the left mouse button to move
it in the program window.

@node Scaling the model
@section Scaling the model
To change the dimensions of the model, use the Scale command, after
entering the value of the zoom factor in the appropriate input field.
The coefficient value can be a fractional positive number.
Another way to scale is using the mouse wheel in the program window.

@node Additional features
@chapter Additional features

@menu
* Settings::
* Images::
* Gif::
@end menu

@node Settings
@section Settings
The program provides the ability to select the projection of the display
(central and parallel), the background color of the model, the color and
thickness of the edges of the model, the color and shape of the display
points of the model. These settings are available in the right part of
the window, as well as in the Settings menu items - there is also an
opportunity to change the program language (2 languages are available:
Russian and English).

@node Images
@section Images
The program allows you to save screenshots as files with the extension
bmp or jpeg (optional). To do this, follow Save->Image->Bmp (or Jpeg),
then specify the name of the file to save or select an existing one to
overwrite its contents.

@node Gif
@section Gif
The program allows you to create a 640x480 gif animation lasting 5 seconds.
To do this, you need to enter any values of offset, rotation, scaling in
the appropriate input fields, and then select Save->Gif in the menu, give
a name to the file or select an existing one to overwrite its contents. The
resulting file with the gif extension can be open in the program window.
To do this, follow File->Open->GIF and select it from the directory in which
it was saved.

@bye

@pindex sample
@cindex invoking @command{sample}

This is a sample manual.  There is no sample program to
invoke, but if there were, you could see its basic usage
and command line options here.


@node Com
@appendix Com

include


@node Index
@unnumbered Index

@printindex cp
dfnrfhmthg

@bye